Alarm support wechat webhook (#5474)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-alarm.md

    - https://hooks.slack.com/services/x/y/z
```

## WeChat Hook

> To use Wechat webhook you need to follow the [Wechat Webhooks guide](https://work.weixin.qq.com/help?doc_id=13376).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, only WeCom(WeChat Company Edition) supports webhook. To use the WeChat webhook you need to follow the [Wechat Webhooks guide](https://work.weixin.qq.com/help?doc_id=13376).
```

Reviewer: `WeCom` is from the official website.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5441976/92988725-b2652680-f500-11ea-883f-a569770bb20a.png)

Author: changed

> To use Wechat webhook you need to follow the [Wechat Webhooks guide](https://work.weixin.qq.com/api/doc/90000/90136/91770).

Reviewer: According to this doc, it seems to belong to Enterprise WeChat, could you confirm? Where is the doc about how to get a group robot?

Author: Yes, this is the Enterprise wechat, I will change the link later

Reviewer: No, this can't be done in a normal WeChat group?

Author: Yes, there is not open api for normal WeChat group, it's not illegal

Reviewer: Then let's indicate it clearly in the document. Because people may be misguided by the current doc. The first look to me is, this works on any WeChat until I open the API doc you linked.

Author: got it

> Notice: This is only apply to Enterprise Webchat. To use Wechat webhook you need to follow the [Enterprise Wechat Webhooks guide](https://work.weixin.qq.com/help?doc_id=13376).

Reviewer: Take a look at my previous comment. This seems not called enterprise wechat.

Author: Ok, thanks

> The alarm message will send through HTTP post by `application/json` content type if you configured Wechat Webhooks as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alarm message would send through HTTP post by `application/json` content type after you set up Wechat Webhooks as following:
```

```yml
wechatHooks:
  textTemplate: |-
    {
      "msgtype": "text",
      "text": {

>         "content": "Apache Skywalking Alarm: \n %s."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "content": "Apache SkyWalking Alarm: \n %s."
```
